hey guys it's Kate and today I'm going
to be reviewing the new me
pearl curl I just got it in the mail I'm
very very excited to use it and I want
to show you have any more I just wanted
to show you guys me trying to sing first
time so it looks like this is ours so it
comes up a little glove I don't actually
like using the gloves that you get with
curling wands or straight iron
cuz I just wish I find like my hair gets
really staticky after I touch it with
the gloves oh oh come at this club I
guess I just brush my hair I just go to
the shower so my hair is not very
straight that's okay because I'm
throwing it why would it why would it be
straight all right so it's heated up
it's ready okay so my hair is thin
enough that I don't need to do my hair
in layers so right let's let's just get
get to it I'm gonna hold it for 10
seconds okay so it's an interesting curl
that is a very interesting girl see
there's a little ringlets right there
okay let me just take a smaller piece
out there and try
oh okay all right that's how they're
supposed to look
oh yeah I want to brush that out so I'm
just gonna head go ahead and do the rest
of my head
go ahead my head especially just the
same word but it's still around
get back to you when I'm done okay so
now that I have both sides curl I don't
know like how like for the look that I'm
gone for today not like this crazy put
together so I'm just gonna brush out try
and make the curls more loose and not so
perfect
I don't like how my bangs look so I'm
gonna take a little elastic just little
tiny ones
that's far and then I'm gonna wrap it
around my finger got the hair down take
another little lastec and I wrapped
around that hair to make a bun well I
sort of have fun cuz my hair or
something and then I'm gonna pin it down
how I like just that stays
Hey so overall I really do like the
curler I like how it makes me I like I
like the curls it's um it gives really
nice ringlets
but I just brush them out so good blue
streamlet snow and I really like it and
also new me is having a a sale and it
ends July 30th and it is for the pearl
wand and it is twenty dollars twenty
bucks that's a steal I think it's never
gonna it's never gonna be that low ever
so you guys like if you want to try this
curling iron but you don't want to spend
a lot of money on it get it now because
it's 20 bucks that is such an amazing
deal I think that is so crazy I hop the
link down in my bio and you can click it
to and use the code thank you guys so
much for watching I hope you guys enjoy
and I hope you guys by the anyone could
end a great con one and it is 20 bucks
right now until June 30th that's one end
expires so make sure you get it thank
you guys so much for watching I love you
guys so much
check all my social medias down below
and all them and might come from scribe
and I'll see you guys next week thank
you guys so much watching I love you bye